mastercard
iplete Metrobank Terms and Conditions Governing the Issuance and Use of the Credit Card via
licated Callout Number. The mobile number 09190598690 is officially registered and verified as
rvice. For your security & convenience, you may save this number to your mobile phone. We
; of caller IDs before responding to any unknown mobile number and disclosing your personal
. This number is used for calling customers for service related matters but will not be able to
je or calls. To reach us, please call our official Customer Service Hotline (632) 88-700-700 or
tic toll-free).
otal amount due will increase the amount of interest and other charges you pay and the time it
nce.
n the event of lost or stolen card, it is important to immediately contact our Customer Service
-800- 1888-5775 (domestic toll-free). Our Customer Service Representative will assist you to
eplace your credit card. Blocking of lost or stolen credit card may also be initiated using the
j the below steps:
1” widget - Choose the “Lost Card” - Enter Passcode
+ Report lost card
+ Report lost card
Please select a card to report as lost
View All
a Enter your passcode
A peoaeeed st 102} 8870-700
Report |_| brendan oo aiisii«iisiiels
lost card

1e lost card report will show on the app

registered mobile number to confirm the successful blocking of the card

be downloaded through Apple App store, Google Play or Huawei AppGallery.

bility for all purchases and/or cash advances made through the use of your lost or stolen card
ccessful acknowledgement of your notification to the bank. Purchases made prior receipt of
via the Metrobank App will likewise be considered valid transactions. Upon blocking, please be
2ment card will have a new credit card number.

give your credit card or disclose any information pertaining thereto to any person even if
employee or representative of Metrobank. Surrender or return of the credit card plastic to
sentative of Metrobank is not required for card account cancellation, expiration/termination, or
d plastics contain personal information so make sure you dispose of your cancelled cards
ress and Telephone Numbers. Please notify us of any change in your name, billing (residence
or telephone number by calling our Customer Service at (632) 88-700-700 or 1-800-1888-5775
herwise, it is presumed that all information are still valid and that you have received all
lings sent by Metrobank.
